Israeli forces have again opened fire on
Palestinians trying to get food in
Northern
[Applause]
Gaza the crowds come under Fire from
guns and tanks as they gather to obtain
FL in the Arid Road near Gaza City on
Monday Israeli forces have fired in
crowds trying to get Aid several times
in the past the un's food agency says it
recently suspended Aid deliveries to the
north because of the violence Al mm is
joining us now from Rafa satanic was
just mentioning a moment ago about the
kind of struggles that people have to
try to get humanitarian Aid even if it
is air drop to focus through what is
happening where you are in those efforts
to try to get
Aid yes Rob well this is not a newly
born issue it has started at initial
weeks of the this genocidal War when the
Israeli defense minister imposed a total
Siege across the G Gaza Tri preventing
anything from coming into Gaza in terms
of Food Supplies Fuel and medical
supplies and other survival items needed
and now coupled with intense bombing
campaign not only we're seeing the great
deal of Devastation caused by the
ongoing bombing but also the fact that
markets have been are depleted from
basic supplies hospitals across the G
STP are suffering from extreme shortage
of of medical supplies and in a scarce
amount of of necessarily than
desperately needed amounts of of
survival items but also right now the uh
the famine the famine that has been
caused by the ongoing bombing campaign
have forced people to to uh to eat
plants and eat animals feed just to stay
alive in the northern part and Gaza City
here in over crowded ra City not only
we're seeing a children roaming these
rubbles filled roads looking for scraps
of food what at the same time those who
are somehow well off and have the cash
flow necessary for buying food struggle
to find basic supplies in the market so
it's not an issue for some people it's
not an issue of money as much as the
availability of goods in the market and
but for the vast majority of people it's
a
combined issue with the lack of
financial capabilities but at the same
time the lack of of basic supplies and
particularly when we look at the number
and the amount of a humanitarian Aid
being allowed into the Gaza Strip is
just is nothing compared to the actual
need uh that people right now they they
look forward to having an every in each
passing day just to survive these
difficult conditions and meantime of
course the Israeli attacks continue talk
us through the latest
raids
well at this particular time I can't
really recall
any draining time more than these hours
as they're growing reports of a
potential deal but at the same time it's
growing a threats of a ground Invasion
to RAF City and also reports of Hamas
spokesperson talking that these leaked
to FR Mor is not what the Palestinian
are looking forward to having just mixed
feelings here optimistic but very
cautious about what's going to happen at
the same time they are enduring intense
bombing campaign here in Rafa City and
the central area just within the past
couple hours we' seen ins surging the
artillery Shing of the eastern part of
the Central Area including D bah Al B
refugee camp Al magazi where more than
10 people reported with different
injuries to alaka hospital in overnight
attacks in raah City eight people being
killed displaced family included in this
attack uh and also the children of the
owner of the residential homes another
uh residential home in Al barazer
neighborhood that's the eastern part of
raah city where one person reported
killed and uh more than seven injuries
also reported to a naar hospital now
there is this cycle of uncertainty but
at the same time growing panic and fear
as the bombing continues and the killing
continues across the STP H Mahmud in
Rafa Hy thank you very much